hey guys what's going on it is extras
and I got a really nice match for you
guys here I want to tell you guys that
I'm sorry I wasn't able to get a video
up the past two days I really wanted to
but I just couldn't something's going on
in my life and right here you can see my
class I'm not going to put it in a
separate little box just because I kind
of had it up there for a while I wasn't
on my controller and this is by far my
favorite or second favorite new class I
might switch out stopping power for
cold-blooded and that would be my
favorite new class but guys this is
about as far as I'm aware the fastest
ever tactical nuke without the chopper
gunner or a c-130 on youtube so joy I
got my I'm counting from the exact
moment i got my first kill to the exact
moment where i call him the nuke and
that is two minutes and 26 seconds is
they believe me check if you don't
believe me my killstreaks are the seven
kill Harrier strike the nine kill pave
low and the 25 kill nuke obviously and
these i claim we're going to save my
butt a couple times and you know with
and I say claymores because I'm going to
be using scavenger pro and picking up
several claymores and I think I've shown
the spot of on Afghan for free for all
before in another video using the mini
uzi but this is by far the best spot to
hold down but you have to be very aware
this is not an easy spot to hold down on
the map and I'm not exaggerating at all
you will see soon that this this point
in the map gets extremely crowded pretty
fast and this people on all corners of
it as you can see is about three
entrances and there's constantly people
out all three entrances and you really
have to watch your back so I don't know
if I would actually recommend this spot
for anybody watching my videos but this
is a really nice match I thought so I
definitely want to post it the pave low
doesn't quite get me as much goes in
straw Berg honor but that thing goes
town it is a great kill streak for an
unmanned kill streak it's the best on
men kill streak it is awesome and I
really highly recommend that as one of
your kill streaks and if you think
you're good enough and you want to go
for nukes I think if you use the pave
low instead of the Harrier strike that
is going to be almost a guaranteed new
every single time because that thing
it's so much better than the Harrier
strike it's incredible that there are
only two kills apart to get and as you
can see him getting clean more kills
from my on the back side and all these
cleaner kills pretty much our deaths if
I anymores so look at that guy flying in
the air but yeah pretty much if you get
these clean were kills pretty much think
to yourself wow I I really probably
would have died if that claimed were
wasn't there these are huge and already
guys that's the tactical nuke a two
minute and 26 second no chopper gunner
tactical nuke link in the sidebar if you
want to post this to your channel and
yeah I'll see you guys later I hope you
through the match unfortunately I did
die and then call it in so it's going to
be two deaths but nonetheless guys this
is impressive man i really appreciate if
you ready to five stars i left a comment
a comment reinforce phul positive
comment i'll see you all later and yeah
we're going to have a fun break because
i'm off for a long time I winter break
and i'll be posting videos as much as
possible see